Automated Nurse Rostering System

Part A: Rostering with Constraints

1) Constraint Checking
    Slots are alloted to nurses day-wise. 
    The constraints of m "M", a "A" and e "E" slots are checked after alloting slots for the day.
    The constraint of atleast one "R" slot for a nurse is checked while alloting their slot for the last day of the week.
    The constraint that "M" and "E" slots are not followed by an "M" slot the next day are checked when alloting a slot for a each nurse.

2) Inferences Considered
    i) If a nurse gets assigned "M" or "E" for a day, the slot "M" is removed from next day's domain.
    ii) While alloting slots for any day, counts for no. of "M", "A", "E" and "R" slots alloted so far for that day are maintained.
        If on assigning a variable, any of the m "M", a "A", e "E" or r "R" slots constraint gets satisfied, the corresponding slot is removed 
        from domains of unassigned nurses of the day.

3) Selecting Unassigned Variable
    The unassigned variable of the smallest domain is chosen.

4) Ordering Domain Values
    Each day, exactly r = N - m - a - e nurses, are chosen and they are given "R" as the first choice in their domain.
    These nurses are chosen on a rotation basis.
    After this, a fixed ordering of remaining domain values is followed, "A" > "M" > "E".

5) There are 4 cases in which we can predetermine based on values of N, D, m, a, e that there will be no solution.
    They have been explained in code.


Part B: Incorporating Preferences 

1) The code runs till the end time T and stores progressively better weight solutions, if found.

2) Constraint Checking
    Same as Part A

3) Inferences Considered
    Same as Part A

4) Selecting Unassigned Variable
    Slots are again assigned daywise.
    In the current day, if there are unassigned senior nurses present, then the senior nurse with the smallest domain is selected.
    Else, a normal nurse with the smallest domain is selected.

5) Ordering Domain Values
    For a senior nurse, if it is not the first day of the week, and a rest must be alloted for this week (i.e. the week is not incomplete)
        and no rest has been alloted to this nurse in the week so far, give "R" first followed by "M", "E" and "A".
    Else give "M", "E", "A" followed by "R" as domain ordering.
    For normal nurses, it a rest  must be alloted for this week (i.e. the week is not incomplete) and no rest has been alloted to this 
        nurse in the week so far, give "R" first followed by "A", "M" and "E".
    Else give "A", "M", "E" followed by "R" as domain ordering.

